OBSDOCS-1489: Prepare the metrics sections for transition (#85116)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-querying-metrics-for-all-projects-with-mon-dashboard.adoc

// * virt/support/virt-prometheus-queries.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="querying-metrics-for-all-projects-with-mon-dashboard_{context}"]
> // The following section will be included in the administrator section, hence there is no need to include "administrator" in the title
> = Querying metrics for all projects with the {product-title} web console

Reviewer: Suggest moving the comment down so it doesn't change the standard metadata layout
```suggestion
[id="querying-metrics-for-all-projects-with-mon-dashboard_{context}"]
= Querying metrics for all projects with the {product-title} web console
// The following section will be included in the administrator section, hence there is no need to include "administrator" in the title
```

> The {product-title} monitoring dashboard enables you to run Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) queries to examine metrics visualized on a plot. This functionality provides information about the state of a cluster and any user-defined workloads that you are monitoring.

Reviewer 2: what does `monitoring dashboard` mean?
1. if it means dashboards under "Observe -> Dashboard", the metrics expression are pre-defined, we can not run PromQL queries, only can view the dashboards and the metrics expression from "Observe -> Metrics".
2. if it means "Observe -> Metrics", `monitoring dashboard` maybe not proper, how about `Metrics querying browser`?

Author: Sounds good! I am glad that these PRs are enabling us to find these existing issues in the docs :)

Author: @simonpasquier I think the change @juzhao points out  here makes a lot of sense, but I wanted to confirm with the engineering, WDYT? 

Also, I would suggest this title instead: `Querying metrics with the {OCP} web console` in addition the those changes.

Reviewer 3: sounds good to me.

> The {product-title} metrics query browser enables you to run Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) queries to examine metrics visualized on a plot. This functionality provides information about the state of a cluster and any user-defined workloads that you are monitoring.

Reviewer: suggestion to avoid light anthropomorphism here:
```suggestion
You can use the {product-title} metrics query browser to run Prometheus Query Language (PromQL) queries to examine metrics visualized on a plot. This functionality provides information about the state of a cluster and any user-defined workloads that you are monitoring.
```

|Hide a specific metric. |Go to the query table and click the colored square near the metric name.

|Zoom into the plot and change the time range.
a|Perform one of the following actions:

* Visually select the time range by clicking and dragging on the plot horizontally.
* Use the menu to select the time range.

|Reset the time range. |Click *Reset zoom*.

> |Display outputs for all queries at a specific point in time. |Hover over the plot at the wanted point. The query outputs appear in a pop-up box.

Reviewer: "the wanted point" reads a little odd to me, how about something like this?
```suggestion
|Display outputs for all queries at a specific point in time. |Hover over the plot at the point you are interested in. The query outputs appear in a pop-up box.
```
